Update README.md (#16)
dotnet/JsApiDocs: README.md

# @microsoft/signalr package API Reference Docs

> This repo contains documentation for the obsolete [@microsoft/signalr package](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/javascript/api/@microsoft/signalr) API reference. The current repo is https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/signalr-script-pr and this repo is no longer used.

Reviewer: @aspnet/signalr

Reviewer: @Rick-Anderson

> This repo contains documentation for the obsolete [@microsoft/signalr package](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/javascript/api/@microsoft/signalr) API reference. The current repo is https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/signalr-script-pr and this repo is no longer used.

Author: ```suggestion
This repo contains documentation for the obsolete [@aspnet/signalr package](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/javascript/api/@microsoft/signalr) API reference. The current repo is https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/signalr-script-pr and this repo is no longer used.

```

Author: @BrennanConroy  commit suggestion or provide an alternative suggestion..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains documentation for the obsolete [@aspnet/signalr package](https://learn.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@aspnet/signalr) API reference. The current repo is https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/signalr-script-pr and this repo is no longer used.

```
